Prologue"These songs were once about my life. They are now about yours." I was born in Reading, Pennsylvania on December 13, 1989. In the world we live in, much is said about when we are born and when we die. Our birthday is celebrated every year to commemorate the very instant we came into the world. And a funeral is held to mark the day we leave it. But lately I've been wondering... what can be said of all the moments in between our birth and our death? The moments when we are reborn... The debate over whether people change is an interesting one for me to observe because it seems like all I ever do is change. All I ever do is learn from my mistakes so I don't make the same ones again. Then I make new ones. I know people can change because it happens to me little by little every day. Every day I wake up as someone slightly new. Isn't it wild and intriguing and beautiful to think that every day we are new? For the last few years, I've woken up every day not wanting, but needing to write a new style of music. I needed to change the way I told my stories and the way they sounded. I listened to a lot of music from the decade in which I was born and I listened to my intuition that it was a good thing to follow this gut feeling. I was also writing a different storyline than I'd ever told you before. I wrote about moving to the loudest and brightest city in the world, the city I had always been overwhelmed by... until now. I think you have to know who you are and what you want in order to take on New York and all its blaring truth. I wrote about the thrill I got when I finally learned that love, to some extent, is just a game of cat and mouse. I wrote about looking back on a lost love and understanding that nothing good comes without loss and hardship and constant struggle. There is no "riding off into the sunset," like I used to imagine. We are never out of the woods, because we are always going to be fighting for something. I wrote about love that comes back to you just when you thought it was lost forever, and how some feelings never go out of style. I wrote about an important lesson I learned recently... that people can say whatever they want about me, but they can't make me lose my mind. I've learned how to shake things off. I've told you my stories for years now. Some have been about coming of age. Some have been about coming undone. This is a story about coming into your own, and as a result... coming alive. I hope you know that you've given me the courage to change. I hope you know that who you are is who you choose to be, and that whispers behind your back don't define you. You are the only person who gets to decide what you will be remembered for. From the girl who said she would never cut her hair or move to New York or find happiness in a world where she is not in love... Love, Taylor 1. Welcome To New York Hidden Message: We begin our story in New York 2. Blank Space Hidden Message: There once was a girl known by everyone and no one 3. Style Hidden Message: Her heart belonged to someone who couldn't stay 4. Out of the Woods Hidden Message: They loved each other recklessly 5. All You Had to Do Was Stay Hidden Message: They paid the price 6. Shake It Off Hidden Message: She danced to forget him 7. I Wish You Would Hidden Message: He drove past her street each night 8. Bad Blood Hidden Message: She made friends and enemies 9. Wildest Dreams Hidden Message: He only saw her in his dreams 10. How You Get the Girl Hidden Message: Then one day he came back 11. This Love Hidden Message: Timing is a funny thing 12. I Know Places Hidden Message: And everyone was watching 13. Clean Hidden Message: She lost him but she found herself and somehow that was everything DELUXE 14. Wonderland 15. You Are In Love 16. New Romantics 17. I Know Places" (Piano/Vocal) (Voice Memo) 18. I Wish You Would (Track/Vocal) (Voice Memo) 19. Blank Space (Guitar/Vocal) (Voice Memo)People like you always want back The love they gave away And people like me wanna believe you When you say you've changed The more I think about it now The less I know All I know is that you drove us Off the road  (Stay!) Hey All you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then, why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? (Stay!) Hey Now, you say you want it back Now that it's just too late Well, could've been easy All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was stay  Here you are now, calling me up But I don't know what to say I've been picking up the pieces Of the mess you made People like you always want back The love they pushed aside But people like me are gone forever When you say goodbye  (Stay!) Hey All you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then, why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? (Stay!) Hey Now, you say you want it back Now that it's just too late Well, could've been easy All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay! stay! stay! stay! stay!)  Let me remind you This was what you wanted (oh, oh, oh-oh-oh) You ended it You were all I wanted (oh, oh, oh-oh-oh) But not like this Not like this Not like this Oh, all you had to do was  (Stay!) Hey All you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then, why'd you want to go and lock me out when I let you in? (Stay!) Hey Now, you say you want it back Now that it's just too late Well, could've been easy All you had to do was (Stay!) Hey All you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then, why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? (Stay!) Hey Now, you say you want it back Now that it's just too late (All you had to do was stay) Well, could've been easy All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) (Oh) All you had to do was (stay!) All you had to do was (stay!) (Ooh) All you had to do was (stay!)'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!  Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin what was shiny? Now it's all rusted Did you have to hit me where I'm weak? Baby, I couldn't breathe And rub it in so deep Salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me  Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I  'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!  Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars in my back from your knives So don't think it's in the past These kinds of wounds they last and they last Now, did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you And time can heal, but this won't So if you're coming my way Just don't  Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I  'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!  Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that, you live with ghosts Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that, you live with ghosts If you love like that, blood runs cold!  'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em (Think we can solve 'em) You made a really deep cut And baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!  'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done (Look what you've done) 'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sin Saw you there, and I thought "Oh my God, look at that face You look like my next mistake Love's a game, wanna play?" Ayy  New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine Ain't it funny? Rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm dyin' to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good for a weekend  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over, mm If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless, hmm Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name  Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies You're the King, baby, I'm your Queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait, the worst is yet to come Oh, no  Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn Rose garden filled with thorns Keep you second guessin' like "Oh my God, who is she?" I get drunk on jealousy But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause, darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over, mm If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless, hmm Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name  Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over, mm If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless, hmm Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your nameThe drought was the very worst (oh-oh, oh-oh) When the flowers that we'd grown together died of thirst It was months and months of back and forth (oh-oh, oh-oh) You're still all over me Like a wine-stained dress I can't wear anymore  Hung my head as I lost the war And the sky turned black like a perfect storm  Rain came pouring down When I was drowning, that's when I could finally breathe And by morning Gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean (Oh, oh, oh, oh)  There was nothing left to do (oh-oh, oh-oh) When the butterflies turned to Dust that covered my whole room So I punched a hole in the roof (oh-oh, oh-oh) Let the flood carry away all my pictures of you  The water filled my lungs, I screamed so loud But no one heard a thing  Rain came pouring down When I was drowning, that's when I could finally breathe And by morning Gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean (Oh, oh, oh, oh) I think I am finally clean (Oh, oh) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh Said, I think I am finally clean (Oh, oh) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh  Ten months sober, I must admit Just because you're clean, don't mean you don't miss it Ten months older, I won't give in Now that I'm clean, I'm never gonna risk it  The drought was the very worst (oh-oh, oh-oh) When the flowers that we'd grown together died of thirst (Oh)  The rain came pouring down When I was drowning, that's when I could finally breathe And by morning Gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean Rain came pouring down When I was drowning, that's when I could finally breathe And by morning Gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean  (Oh, oh) Finally clean Think I'm finally clean (Oh, oh) Oh-oh, oh-oh (Oh, oh, oh) Think I'm finally cleanOh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh-oh, oh-oh  Stand there like a ghost Shaking from the rain, rain She'll open up the door and say, "Are you insane?" Say it's been a long six months And you were too afraid to tell her what you want, want  And that's how it works That's how you get the girl And then, you say  I want you for worse or for better I would wait forever and ever Broke your heart, I'll put it back together I would wait forever and ever And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl (oh-oh, oh) And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl  Remind her how it used to be, be, yeah-yeah With pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks, cheeks Tell her how you must have lost your mind, ooh-ooh When you left her all alone And never told her why, why  And that's how it works That's how you lost the girl And now, you say  I want you for worse or for better I would wait forever and ever (ever and ever) Broke your heart, I'll put it back together I would wait forever and ever And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl (oh-oh, oh-oh) And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl Yeah, yeah  And you know Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That I don't want you to go, oh, oh  Remind me how it used to be Pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks And say you want me, yeah-yeah And then you say  'Cause I want you for worse or for better (worse or for better) I would wait forever and ever (ever and ever) Broke your heart, I'll put it back together I would wait forever and ever (I want you forever and ever) And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl (this is how it works) And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl (get the girl) (That's how it works) And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  That's how it works That's how you got the girlI, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I (I, I, I, I)  You stand with your hand on my waistline It's a scene and we're out here in plain sight I can hear them whisper as we pass by It's a bad sign, bad sign Something happens when everybody finds out See the vultures circling, dark clouds Love's a fragile little flame, it could burn out It could burn out  'Cause they got the cages, they got the boxes And guns They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails trying to track us down 'Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places, I know places  Lights flash and we'll run for the fences Let them say what they want, we won't hear it Loose lips sink ships all the damn time Not this time  Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it My love They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails trying to track us down 'Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places  They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it My love  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails trying to track us down 'Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places  They take their shots, but we're bulletproof (I know places) And you know for me, it's always you (I know places) In the dead of night, your eyes so green (I know places) And I know for you, it's always me (I know places) I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, IIt's 2AM in your car Windows down, you pass my street, the memories start You say it's in the past, you drive straight ahead You're thinking that I hate you now 'Cause you still don't know what I never said  I wish you would come back Wish I never hung up the phone like I did, I Wish you knew that I'd never forget you as long as I live, and I Wish you were right here, right now, it's all good I wish you would  It's 2AM in my room Headlights pass the window pane I think of you We're a crooked love in a straight line down Makes you want to run and hide But it makes you turn right back around  I wish you would come back Wish I never hung up the phone like I did, I Wish you knew that I'd never forget you as long as I live, and I Wish you were right here, right now, it's all good I wish you would I wish we could go back And remember what we were fighting for, and I Wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore, and I Wish you were right here, right now, it's all good I wish you would  I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I  You always knew how to push my buttons You give me everything and nothing This mad, mad love makes you come running To stand back where you stood I wish you would, I wish you would (I wish you would, I wish you would) I wish you would, I wish you would (I wish you would, I wish you would)  2AM, here we are See your face, hear my voice in the dark We're a crooked love in a straight line down Makes you wanna run and hide But it made us turn right back around  I wish you would come back Wish I never hung up the phone like I did, I Wish you knew that I'd never forget you as long as I live, and I Wish you were right here, right now, it's all good I wish you would I wish you would come back Wish I never hung up the phone like I did, I Wish you knew that I'd never forget you as long as I live, and I Wish you were right here, right now, it's all good I wish you would I wish we could go back And remember what we were fighting for, and I Wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore, and I Wish you were right here, right now, it's all good I wish you would  (I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I) You always knew how to push my buttons You give me everything and nothing This mad, mad love makes you come running To stand back where you stood I wish you would, I wish you would (I wish you would, I wish you would) I wish you would, I wish you would (I wish you would, I wish you would, I wish you would) (I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I) I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I I, I, I, I, I, I wish I, wish I I wish you wouldWe're all bored, we're all so tired of everything We wait for trains that just aren't coming We show off our different scarlet letters Trust me, mine is better We're so young, but we're on the road to ruin We play dumb, but we know exactly what we're doing We cry tears of mascara in the bathroom Honey, life is just a classroom (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  'Cause baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream Baby, we're the new romantics Come on, come along with me Heartbreak is the national anthem We sing it proudly We are too busy dancing to get knocked off our feet Baby, we're the new romantics The best people in life are free  We're all here, the lights and noise are blinding We hang back, it's all in the timing It's poker You can't see it in my face But I'm about to play my Ace We need love, but all we want is danger We team up, then switch sides like a record changer The rumors are terrible and cruel But honey, most of them are true (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  'Cause baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream Baby, we're the new romantics Come on, come along with me Heartbreak is the national anthem We sing it proudly We are too busy dancing (yeah) to get knocked off our feet Baby, we're the new romantics The best people in life are free  (Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh) Oh-oh (Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh) So, cool, come along with me (Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh) The best people in life are free (Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh)  Please take my hand and Please take me dancing, and Please leave me stranded It's so romantic (it's so romantic) (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  Oh, 'cause baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle, oh-oh But every night with us is like a dream  'Cause baby, I could build a castle (castle) Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream Baby, we're the new romantics Come on, come along with me Heartbreak is the national anthem We sing it proudly We are too busy dancing to get knocked off our feet Baby, we're the new romantics The best people in life are freeLooking at it now It all seems so simple We were lying on your couch I remember You took a Polaroid of us Then discovered (then discovered) The rest of the world was black and white But we were in screaming color And I remember thinking  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good (Are we out of the woods?)  Looking at it now Last December (last December) We were built to fall apart Then fall back together (back together) Your necklace hanging from my neck The night we couldn't quite forget When we decided, we decided To move the furniture so we could dance Baby, like we stood a chance Two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying And I remember thinking  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? (Out of the woods) Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? (Oh) Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good (Are we out of the woods?)  Remember when you hit the brakes too soon? Twenty stitches in a hospital room When you started crying, baby, I did too When the sun came up, I was looking at you Remember when we couldn't take the heat? I walked out and said, "I'm setting you free" But the monsters turned out to be just trees When the sun came up, you were looking at me You were looking at me, ooh You were looking at me (Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet?) (Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods?) I remember (Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet?) (Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good) Oh, I remember  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? (Yeah) Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? (Are we?) Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? (Yeah) Are we in the clear yet? (Yeah) Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? GoodI stay out too late Got nothing in my brain That's what people say, mm, mm That's what people say, mm, mm I go on too many dates But I can't make them stay At least that's what people say, mm, mm That's what people say, mm, mm  But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop movin' It's like I got this music in my mind Saying it's gonna be alright  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off,  I shake it off Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  I never miss a beat I'm lightning on my feet And that's what they don't see, mm, mm That's what they don't see, mm, mm I'm dancing on my own (dancing on my own) I make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know, mm, mm That's what they don't know, mm, mm  But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop groovin' It's like I got this music in my mind Saying it's gonna be alright  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off,  I shake it off Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Hey, hey, hey Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars And the dirty, dirty cheats of the world You could've been getting down To this sick beat  My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like, "Oh my God," but I'm just gonna shake And to the fella over there with the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby? We can shake, shake, shake Yeah, oh, oh, oh  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (Haters gonna hate) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off,  I shake it off Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break (mmhm) And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake (And fake, and fake, and fake) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off Shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (yeah) Shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (you got to) I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it offMidnight You come and pick me up, no headlights Long drive Could end in burning flames or paradise Fade into view, oh It's been a while since I have even heard from you (Heard from you) And I should just tell you to leave, 'cause I Know exactly where it leads, but I Watch us go 'round and 'round each time  You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style, we never go out of style You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style, we never go out of style  So it goes He can't keep his wild eyes on the road (mm) Takes me home The lights are off, he's taking off his coat (mm, yeah) I say, "I heard, oh That you've been out and about with some other girl" Some other girl He says, "What you heard is true, but I Can't stop thinking 'bout you, and I" I said, "I've been there too a few times"  'Cause you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style, we never go out of style You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt (A tight little skirt) And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style (we never go, we never go) We never go out of style  Take me home Just take me home Yeah, just take me home Oh-oh, whoa-oh, oh (Out of style)  Oh, you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down (and when we go) We come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style, we never go out of styleClear blue water High tide came and brought you in And I could go on and on, on and on And I will Skies grew darker Currents swept you out again And you were just gone and gone, gone and gone  In silent screams and wildest dreams I never dreamed of this  This love is good, this love is bad This love is alive back from the dead, oh-oh, oh These hands had to let it go free, and This love came back to me, oh-oh, oh Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh, oh  Tossing, turning Struggled through the night with someone new And I could go on and on, on and on Lantern, burning Flickered in my mind, only you But you were still gone, gone, gone  Been losing grip, on sinking ships You showed up just in time  This love is good, this love is bad This love is alive back from the dead, oh-oh, oh These hands had to let it go free, and This love came back to me, oh-oh, oh This love left a permanent mark This love is glowing in the dark, oh-oh, oh These hands had to let it go free, and And this love came back to me, oh-oh, oh  (This love, this love, this love, this love, oh) (This love, this love, this love, this love, oh) (This love, this love, this love, this love, oh) (This love, this love, this love, this love, oh)  Your kiss, my cheek I watched you leave Your smile, my ghost I fell to my knees When you're young, you just run But you come back to what you need  This love is good, this love is bad This love is alive back from the dead, oh-oh, oh These hands had to let it go free, and This love came back to me, oh-oh, oh (This love) This love left a permanent mark (This love) This love is glowing in the dark, oh-oh, oh (This love) These hands had to let it go free, and (This love) This love came back to me, oh-oh, oh  (This love, this love, this love, this love, oh) (This love, this love, this love, this love, oh) (This love, this love, this love, this love) This love, this love came back to me, oh-oh, ohWalking through a crowd, the village is aglow Kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats under coats Everybody here wanted something more Searching for a sound we hadn't heard before And it said  Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York It's a new soundtrack, I could dance to this beat, beat, forevermore The lights are so bright but they never blind me, me Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York  When we first dropped our bags on apartment floors Took our broken hearts, put them in a drawer Everybody here was someone else before And you can want who you want Boys and boys and girls and girls  Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York It's a new soundtrack, I could dance to this beat, beat, forevermore The lights are so bright but they never blind me, me Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York  Like any great love, it keeps you guessing Like any real love, it's ever-changing Like any true love, it drives you crazy But you know you wouldn't change anything, anything, anything  Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New York It's a new soundtrack, I could dance to this beat, beat, forevermore The lights are so bright but they never blind me, me Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you Welcome to New York, welcome to New YorkHe said, "Let's get out of this town Drive out of this city, away from the crowds" I thought, "Heaven can't help me now" Nothing lasts forever But this is gonna take me down  He's so tall and handsome as hell He's so bad, but he does it so well I can see the end as it begins My one condition is  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your Wildest dreams, ah-aah, haa Wildest dreams, ah-aah, haa  I said, "No one has to know what we do" His hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room And his voice is a familiar sound Nothing lasts forever But this is gettin' good now  He's so tall and handsome as hell He's so bad, but he does it so well And when we've had our very last kiss My last request, it is  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your Wildest dreams, ah-aah haa (ah-aah haa) Wildest dreams, ah-aah haa  You'll see me in hindsight, tangled up with you all night Burnin' it down Someday when you leave me, I'd bet these memories Follow you around You'll see me in hindsight, tangled up with you all night Burning (burning) it (it) down (down) Someday when you leave me, I'll bet these memories Follow (follow) you (you) around (around) (Follow you around)  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just pretend  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your (pretend, just pretend) Wildest dreams, ah-aah, ha (ah-aah-aah-aah-aah-ha) In your wildest dreams, ah-aah, ha Even if it's just in your Wildest dreams, ah-aah, ha In your wildest dreams, ah-aah, haFlashing lights, and we Took a wrong turn, and we Fell down a rabbit hole You held on tight to me 'Cause nothing's as it seems And spinning out of control  Didn't they tell us don't rush into things? Didn't you flash your green eyes at me? Haven't you heard what becomes of curious minds? Ooh, didn't it all seem new and exciting? I felt your arms twistin' around me I should have slept with one eye open at night  We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it And we pretended it could last forever (ey, ey) We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it And life was never worse but never better (ey, ey) (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland  So we went on our way Too in love to think straight All alone, or so it seemed But there was strangers watching And whispers turned to talking And talking turned to screams, oh  Didn't they tell us don't rush into things? Didn't you flash your green eyes at me? Didn't you calm my fears with a Cheshire cat smile? Ooh, didn't it all seem new and exciting? I felt your arms twistin' around me It's all fun and games 'til somebody loses their mind But darlin'  We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it And we pretended it could last forever (ey, ey) We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it And life was never worse but never better (ey, ey) (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) In Wonderland (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) Whoa, in Wonderland  I reached for you, but you were gone I knew I had to go back home You searched the world for something else To make you feel like what we had And in the end, in Wonderland We both went mad Oh  We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it And we pretended it could last forever Last forever (ey, ey) We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it (got lost in it) And life was never worse but never better Never better (ey, ey) (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) And we pretended it could last forever (in Wonderland) (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) We found Wonderland You and I got lost in it (Ey, ey, ey, ey, ey) And life was never worse but never better In WonderlandOne look, dark room Meant just for you Time moved too fast, you play it back Buttons on a coat, lighthearted joke No proof, not much, but you saw enough Small talk, he drives Coffee at midnight The light reflects the chain on your neck He says, "Look up" And your shoulders brush No proof, one touch, but you felt enough  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence), you You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home), you You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love You are in love  Morning, his place Burnt toast, Sunday You keep his shirt, he keeps his word And for once, you let go Of your fears and your ghosts One step, not much, but it said enough You kiss on sidewalks You fight and you talk One night, he wakes Strange look on his face Pauses, then says "You're my best friend" And you knew what it was, he is in love  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence), you You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home), you You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love  And so it goes You two are dancing in a snow globe, 'round and 'round And he keeps a picture of you in his office downtown And you understand now Why they lost their minds and fought the wars And why I've spent my whole life trying to put it into words  'Cause you can hear it in the silence You can feel it on the way home You can see it with the lights out You are in love, true love You are in love  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence), you You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home), you You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love You are in love You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence), you You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home), you You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love You are in loveIt feels like a perfect night To dress up like hipsters And make fun of our exes, uh-uh, uh-uh It feels like a perfect night For breakfast at midnight To fall in love with strangers, uh-uh, uh-uh  Yeah We're happy, free, confused, and lonely at the same time It's miserable and magical, oh, yeah Tonight's the night when we forget about the deadlines It's time, oh-oh  I don't know about you, but I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright if you keep me next to you You don't know about me, but I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright if we just keep dancing like we're 22, 22  It seems like one of those nights This place is too crowded Too many cool kids, uh-uh, uh-uh (Who's Taylor Swift, anyway? Ew) It seems like one of those nights We ditch the whole scene And end up dreaming Instead of sleeping  Yeah We're happy, free, confused, and lonely in the best way It's miserable and magical, oh, yeah Tonight's the night when we forget about the heartbreaks It's time, oh-oh  (Hey!) I don't know about you, but I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright (ooh) if you keep me next to you You don't know about me, but I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright if (alright) We just keep dancing like we're 22 (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) 22 (I don't know about you) 22, 22  It feels like one of those nights We ditch the whole scene It feels like one of those nights We won't be sleeping It feels like one of those nights You look like bad news I gotta have you I gotta have you Ooh, ooh, yeah  (Hey!) I don't know about you But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright if (ooh) you keep me next to you You don't know about me But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright if we just keep dancing like we're 22 (whoa, oh) 22 (dancing like) 22 (yeah, yeah), 22, (yeah, yeah, yeah)  It feels like one of those nights We ditch the whole scene It feels like one of those nights We won't be sleeping It feels like one of those nights You look like bad news I gotta have you I gotta have youI walked through the door with you The air was cold But something 'bout it felt like home somehow, and I Left my scarf there at your sister's house And you've still got it In your drawer, even now  Oh, your sweet disposition And my wide-eyed gaze We're singing in the car getting lost upstate Autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place And I can picture it after all these days  And I know it's long gone and That magic's not here no more And I might be okay, but I'm not fine at all Oh, oh, oh  'Cause there we are again on that little town street You almost ran the red 'cause you were looking over at me Wind in my hair, I was there, I remember it all too well  Photo album on the counter Your cheeks were turning red You used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin-sized bed And your mother's telling stories 'bout you on the tee ball team You told me about your past, thinking your future was me  And I know it's long gone and There was nothing else I could do And I forget about you long enough To forget why I needed to  'Cause there we are again in the middle of the night We're dancing round the kitchen in the refrigerator light Down the stairs, I was there, I remember it all too well, yeah  Maybe we got lost in translation Maybe I asked for too much But maybe this thing was a masterpiece 'Til you tore it all up Running scared, I was there, I remember it all too well And you call me up again just to break me like a promise So casually cruel in the name of being honest I'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here 'Cause I remember it all, all, all Too well  Time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it I'd like to be my old self again But I'm still trying to find it After plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own Now you mail back my things and I walk home alone But you keep my old scarf From that very first week 'Cause it reminds you of innocence And it smells like me You can't get rid of it 'Cause you remember it all too well, yeah  'Cause there we are again when I loved you so Back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well  Wind in my hair, you were there, you remember it all Down the stairs, you were there, you remember it all It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too wellTook a deep breath in the mirror He didn't like it when I wore high heels, but I do Turn the lock and put my headphones on He always said he didn't get this song but I do, I do Walked in, expecting you'd be late But you got here early and you stand and wave I walk to you You pull my chair out and help me in And you don't know how nice that is, but I do  And you throw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did I've been spending the last eight months Thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end But on a Wednesday in a cafe, I watched it begin again  You said you never met one girl who Had as many James Taylor records as you, but I do We tell stories and you don't know why I'm coming off a little shy, but I do  But you throw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did I've been spending the last eight months Thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end But on a Wednesday in a cafe, I watched it begin again  And we walked down the block to my car And I almost brought him up But you start to talk About the movies that your family watches Every single Christmas, and I will talk about that And for the first time, what's past is past  'Cause you threw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did I've been spending the last eight months Thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end But on a Wednesday in a cafe, I watched it begin again  But on a Wednesday in a cafe, I watched it begin againYou said it in a simple way 4AM, the second day How strange that I don't know you at all Stumbled through the long goodbye One last kiss, then catch your flight Right when I was just about to fall  I told myself, don't get attached But in my mind, I play it back Spinning faster than the plane that took you  And this is when the feeling sinks in I don't wanna miss you like this Come back, be here, come back, be here I guess you're in New York today I don't wanna need you this way Come back, be here, come back, be here  The delicate beginning rush The feeling you can know so much Without knowing anything at all And now that I can put this down If I had known what I know now I never would've played so nonchalant  Taxi cabs and busy streets That never bring you back to me I can't help but wish you took me with you  And this is when the feeling sinks in I don't wanna miss you like this Come back, be here, come back, be here I guess you're in London today And I don't wanna need you this way Come back, be here, come back, be here  This is falling in love in the cruelest way This is falling for you when you are worlds away In New York, be here But you're in London, and I break down 'Cause it's not fair that you're not around  This is when the feeling sinks in I don't wanna miss you like this Come, back be here, come back, be here I guess you're in New York today And I don't wanna need you this way Come back, be here, come back, be here  Oh-oh, oh-oh I don't wanna miss you like this Oh-oh, oh-oh Come back, be here Come back, be hereDon't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that, ah-ah Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that  I don't even know her But I feel a responsibility to do what's upstanding and right It's kinda like a code, yeah And you've been getting closer and closer And crossing so many lines  And it would be a fine proposition If I was a stupid girl But honey, I am no one's exception This, I have previously learned  So don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that, ah-ah Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that I see you turn off your phone And now you've got me alone, and I say Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that  I just want to make sure You understand perfectly You're the kind of man who makes me sad While she waits up, you chase down the newest thing And take for granted what you have  And it would be a fine proposition If I was a stupid girl And, yeah, I might go with it If I hadn't once been just like her  So don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that, ah-ah Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that I see you turn off your phone And now you've got me alone, and I say Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh  Call a cab, lose my number You're about to lose your girl Call a cab, lose my number Let's consider this lesson learned  Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that, ah-ah Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that Want to see you pick up your phone And tell her you're coming home Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that  Don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that It would be a fine proposition If I hadn't once been just like herI was reminiscing just the other day While having coffee all alone, and Lord, it took me away Back to a first-glance feeling on New York time Back when you fit my poems like a perfect rhyme Took off faster than a green light, go Hey, you skip the conversation when you already know I left a note on the door with a joke we'd made And that was the first day  And darling, it was good Never looking down And right there where we stood Was holy ground  Spinning like a girl in a brand new dress We had this big wide city all to ourselves We blocked the noise with the sound of, "I need you" And for the first time, I had something to lose And I guess we fell apart in the usual way And the story's got dust on every page But sometimes, I wonder how you think about it now And I see your face in every crowd  'Cause darling, it was good Never looking down And right there where we stood Was holy ground  Tonight, I'm gonna dance For all that we've been through But I don't wanna dance If I'm not dancing with you Tonight, I'm gonna dance Like you were in this room But I don't wanna dance If I'm not dancing with you  It was good Never looking down And right there where we stood Was holy ground  Tonight, I'm gonna dance For all that we've been through But I don't wanna dance If I'm not dancing with you Tonight, I'm gonna dance Like you were in this room But I don't wanna dance If I'm not dancing with youI bet this time of night, you're still up I bet you're tired from a long hard week I bet you're sitting in your chair by the window Looking out at the city And I bet sometimes you wonder about me  And I just want to tell you It takes everything in me not to call you And I wish I could run to you And I hope you know that Every time I don't I almost do, I almost do  I bet you think I either moved on or hate you 'Cause each time you reach out, there's no reply I bet it never, ever occurred to you That I can't say hello to you And risk another goodbye  And I just want to tell you It takes everything in me not to call you And I wish I could run to you And I hope you know that Every time I don't I almost do, I almost do  Oh, we made quite a mess, babe It's probably better off this way And I confess, babe In my dreams, you're touching my face And asking me if I want to try again with you And I almost do  And I just want to tell you It takes everything in me not to call you And I wish I could run to you And I hope you know that Every time I don't I almost do, I almost do  I bet this time of night, you're still up I bet you're tired from a long hard week I bet you're sitting in your chair by the window Looking out at the city And I hope sometimes you wonder about meOnce upon a time, a few mistakes ago I was in your sights, you got me alone You found me, you found me, you found me I guess you didn't care, and I guess I liked that And when I fell hard, you took a step back Without me, without me, without me  And he's long gone, when he's next to me And I realize the blame is on me  'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in So, shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been 'Til you put me down, oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in So, shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh, oh-oh Trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh-oh Trouble, trouble, trouble  No apologies, he'll never see you cry Pretend he doesn't know That he's the reason why You're drowning, you're drowning You're drowning And I heard you moved on From whispers on the street A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be And now I see, now I see Now I see  He was long gone when he met me And I realize the joke is on me, hey!  I knew you were trouble when you walked in (oh) So, shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been 'Til you put me down, oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in So, shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been (yeah) Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh, oh-oh (yeah) Trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh-oh Trouble, trouble, trouble  And the saddest fear Comes creeping in That you never loved me Or her, or anyone, or anything, yeah!  I knew you were trouble when you walked in So, shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been (never been) 'Til you put me down, oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in (Knew it right there) So, shame on me now (knew it right there) Flew me to places I'd never been (ooh) Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh, oh-oh Trouble, trouble, trouble (oh) Oh, oh-oh Trouble, trouble, trouble  I knew you were trouble when you walked in Trouble, trouble, trouble I knew you were trouble when you walked in Trouble, trouble, troubleLoving him is like driving a new Maserati Down a dead-end street Faster than the wind, passionate as sin Ending so suddenly Loving him is like trying to change your mind Once you're already flying through the free fall Like the colors in autumn, so bright Just before they lose it all  Losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey, all alone Forgetting him was like Trying to know somebody you never met But loving him was red Loving him was red  Touching him was like realizing all you ever wanted Was right there in front of you Memorizing him was as easy as knowing All the words to your old favorite song Fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword And realizing there's no right answer Regretting him was like wishing you never found out That love could be that strong  Losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey, all alone Forgetting him was like Trying to know somebody you never met But loving him was red Oh, red Burning red  Remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes Tell myself it's time now, gotta let go But moving on from him is impossible When I still see it all in my head In burning red Loving him was red  Oh, losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey, all alone Forgetting him was like Trying to know somebody you never met 'Cause loving him was red Yeah, yeah, red We're burning red  And that's why he's spinning 'round in my head Comes back to me, burning red Yeah, yeah  His love was like driving a new Maserati Down a dead-end streetLong handwritten note, deep in your pocket Words, how little they mean, when you're a little too late I stood right by the tracks, your face in a locket Good girls, hopeful they'll be and long they will wait  We had a beautiful magic love there What a sad, beautiful, tragic love affair  In dreams, I meet you in warm conversation We both wake in lonely beds, different cities And time is taking its sweet time erasing you And you've got your demons And darling, they all look like me  'Cause we had a beautiful magic love there What a sad, beautiful, tragic love affair  Distance, timing, breakdown, fighting Silence, the train runs off its tracks Kiss me, try to fix it, could you just try to listen? Hang up, give up, and for the life of us we can't get back  A beautiful magic love there What a sad, beautiful, tragic, beautiful, tragic, beautiful What we had, a beautiful magic love there What a sad, beautiful, tragic, love affair We had a beautiful magic love there What a sad, beautiful, tragic love affairI said, "Oh, my, what a marvelous tune" It was the best night, never would forget how we moved The whole place was dressed to the nines And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight Like we're made of starlight  I met Bobby on the boardwalk, summer of '45 Picked me up, late one night at the window We were 17 and crazy, running wild, wild Can't remember what song it was playing when we walked in The night we snuck into a yacht club party Pretending to be a duchess and a prince  And I said, "Oh, my, what a marvelous tune" It was the best night, never would forget how we moved The whole place was dressed to the nines And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight  He said, "Look at you Worrying so much about things you can't change You'll spend your whole life singing the blues If you keep thinking that way" He was trying to skip rocks on the ocean, saying to me "Don't you see the starlight, starlight? Don't you dream impossible things?"  Like, "Oh, my, what a marvelous tune" It was the best night, never would forget how we moved The whole place was dressed to the nines And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight  Ooh, ooh, he's talking crazy Ooh, ooh, dancing with me Ooh, ooh, we could get married Have ten kids and teach 'em how to dream   Oh, my, what a marvelous tune It was the best night, never would forget how we moved The whole place was dressed to the nines And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight  Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we dream impossible dreams Like starlight, starlight Like we dream impossible dreams  Don't you see the starlight, starlight? Don't you dream impossible things?I'm walking fast through the traffic lights Busy streets and busy lives And all we know, is touch and go We are alone with our changing minds We fall in love 'til it hurts or bleeds, or fades in time  And I never saw you coming And I'll never be the same  You come around and the armor falls Pierce the room like a cannon ball Now all we know, is don't let go We are alone, just you and me Up in your room and our slates are clean Just twin fire signs, four blue eyes  So you were never a saint And I've loved in shades of wrong We learn to live with the pain Mosaic broken hearts But this love is brave and wild  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  This is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight Love is a ruthless game Unless you play it good and right These are the hands of fate You're my Achilles heel This is the golden age of something good And right and real  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (So you were never a saint And I've loved in shades of wrong) Be the same (We learn to live with the pain Mosaic broken hearts But this love is brave and wild)  This is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight Love is a ruthless game Unless you play it good and rightI'm pretty sure we almost broke up last night I threw my phone across the room, at you I was expecting some dramatic turn away But you stayed This morning, I said we should talk about it 'Cause I read you should never leave a fight unresolved That's when you came in wearing a football helmet And said, "Okay, let's talk" And I said  Stay, stay, stay I've been loving you for quite some time, time, time You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad But I think that it's best if we both stay  Before you, I'd only dated self-indulgent takers Who took all of their problems out on me But you carry my groceries and now I'm always laughing And I love you because you have given me No choice but to  Stay, stay, stay I've been loving you for quite some time, time, time You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad But I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay  You took the time to memorize me My fears, my hopes, and dreams I just like hanging out with you, all the time All those times that you didn't leave, it's been occurring to me I'd like to hang out with you, for my whole life  Stay, and I'll be loving you for quite some time No one else is gonna love me when I get mad, mad, mad So I think that it's best if we both stay, stay Stay, stay, stay, stay!  Stay, stay, stay I've been loving you for quite some time, time, time You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad But I think that it's best if we both stay, stay Stay, stay, stay, stay!  Stay, stay, stay I've been loving you for quite some time, time, time You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad But I think that it's best if we both stay (ha-ha-ha, it's so fun)New to town with a made up name In the angel's city, chasing fortune and fame And the camera flashes make it look like a dream You had it figured out since you were in school Everybody loves pretty, everybody loves cool So overnight, you look like a sixties queen  Another name goes up in lights Like diamonds in the sky  And they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one Yeah, they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one But can you tell me now, you're the lucky one? Oh, oh, oh  Now, it's big black cars and Riviera views And your lover in the foyer doesn't even know you And your secrets end up splashed on the news front page And they tell you that you're lucky, but you're so confused 'Cause you don't feel pretty, you just feel used And all the young things line up to take your place  Another name goes up in lights You wonder if you'll make it out alive  And they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one Yeah, they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one But can you tell me now, you're the lucky one? Oh, oh, oh  It was a few years later, I showed up here And they still tell the legend of how you disappeared How you took the money and your dignity, and got the hell out They say you bought a bunch of land somewhere Chose the rose garden over Madison Square And it took some time, but I understand it now  'Cause now my name is up in lights But I think you got it right  Let me tell you now, you're the lucky one Let me tell you now, you're the lucky one Let me tell you now, you're the lucky one, oh, oh, oh And they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one Yeah, they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one And they'll tell you now, you're the lucky one, oh, oh, oh Oh, whoa, oh, ohYou should've been there Should've burst through the door With that "Baby, I'm right here" smile And it would've felt like A million little shining stars had just aligned And I would've been so happy  Christmas lights glisten I've got my eye on the door Just waiting for you to walk in But the time is ticking People ask me how I've been As I comb back through my memory How you said you'd be here You said you'd be here  And it was like slow motion Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick With no one to impress And they're all laughing As I'm looking around the room But there was one thing missing And that was the moment I knew  And the hours pass by Now I just wanna be alone But your close friends always seem to know When there's something really wrong So they follow me down the hall And there in the bathroom I try not to fall apart And the sinking feeling starts As I say hopelessly "He said he'd be here"  And it was like slow motion Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick With no one to impress And they're all laughing And asking me about you But there was one thing missing (missing) And that was the moment I knew  What do you say When tears are streaming down your face In front of everyone you know? And what do you do When the one who means the most to you Is the one who didn't show?  You should've been here And I would've been so happy  And it was like slow motion Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick With no one to impress And they're all standing around me, singing "Happy birthday to you" But there was one thing missing And that was the moment I knew Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, I knew Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  You called me later And said, "I'm sorry I didn't make it" And I said, "I'm sorry, too" And that was the moment I knewPut your lips close to mine As long as they don't touch Out of focus, eye to eye 'Til the gravity's too much And I'll do anything you say If you say it with your hands And I'd be smart to walk away But you're quicksand  This slope is treacherous This path is reckless This slope is treacherous And I-I-I like it  I can't decide if it's a choice Getting swept away I hear the sound of my own voice Asking you to stay And all we are is skin and bone Trained to get along Forever going with the flow But you're friction  This slope is treacherous This path is reckless This slope is treacherous And I, I, I like it  Two headlights shine through the sleepless night And I will get you, get you alone Your name has echoed through my mind And I just think you should, think you should know That nothing safe is worth the drive And I will follow you, follow you home Follow you, follow you home  This hope is treacherous This daydream is dangerous This hope is treacherous I-I-I, I-I-I, I-I-I  Two headlights shine through the sleepless night And I will get you, get you alone Your name has echoed through my mind And I just think you should, think you should know That nothing safe is worth the drive And I will follow you, follow you home Follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home Follow you, follow you home  This slope is treacherous I-I-I like itI remember when we broke up the first time Saying, "This is it, I've had enough," 'cause like We hadn't seen each other in a month When you said you needed "space" (what?) Then you come around again and say "Baby, I miss you and I swear I'm gonna change, trust me" Remember how that lasted for a day? I say, "I hate you," we break up, you call me, "I love you"  Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh We called it off again last night, but Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh This time, I'm telling you, I'm telling you  We are never, ever, ever getting back together We are never, ever, ever getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together Like, ever  I'm really gonna miss you picking fights And me, falling for it, screaming that I'm right And you, would hide away and find your peace of mind With some indie record that's much cooler than mine  Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh You called me up again tonight, but Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh This time, I'm telling you, I'm telling you  We are never, ever, ever getting back together We are never, ever, ever (ever) getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (Talk to me) But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together  Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (yeah) Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (yeah) Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (yeah) Oh-oh-oh  I used to think that we were forever, ever And I used to say, "Never say never" Ugh, so he calls me up and he's like, "I still love you" And I'm like, "I just- I mean, this is exhausting, you know? Like, we are never getting back together, like, ever"  We are never, ever, ever getting back together We are never, ever, ever (ooh) getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together  We (ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, no) Getting back together We (ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, oh, oh, yeah) Getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (Talk to me) But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together